<details>
  <summary>General Errors</summary>
    <br>
  
  * [[x] Java is not Installed or is not Accessible](#x-java-is-not-installed-or-is-not-accessible)
  * [[x] Wrong Java Version Installed...](#x-wrong-java-version-installed)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Binding Errors</summary>
  <br>
  <details>
    <summary>"On Activity" Method</summary>
    <br>
    
  * [[x] Reading IP:PORT File Failed!](#x-reading-ipport-file-failed)
  * [[x] Adding User IP:PORT Input Failed!](#x-adding-user-ipport-input-failed)
  * [[x] Decompiling Failed!](#x-decompiling-failed)
  * [[x] Unable to Read the Android Manifest File!](#x-unable-to-read-the-android-manifest-file)
  * [[x] Unable to Parse the Android Manifest XML Data!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Write Payload Injection back to the Android Manifest XML File!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Read the Modified Android Manifest XML File!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Parse the Modified Android Manifest XML Data!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Extract a Suitable Main Class Name from the Manifest for Hook Injection!](#x-unable-to-extract-a-suitable-main-class-name-from-the-manifest-for-hook-injection)
  * [[x] Unable to Locate the Main Class Smali File!](#x-unable-to-locate-the-main-class-smali-file)
  * [[x] Unable to Read the Main Class Smali File!](#x-unable-to-hook-the-main-class-smali-file)
  * [[x] Unable to Hook the Main Class Smali File!](#x-unable-to-hook-the-main-class-smali-file)
  * [[x] Unable to Read the Target SDK Version in the Manifest!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Modify the Target SDK Version in the Manifest!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Read the Target SDK  Version in the "apktool.yml" File!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Modify the Target SDK Version in the "apktool.yml" File!]()
  * [[x] Failed to Read the Decompiled Application!]()
  * [[x] Unable to Create the 'smali_classesX' Directory!]()
  * [[x] Copying Failed!]()
    * [[x] Copying "android" Directory Failed!]()
    * [[x] Copying "androidx" Directory Failed!]()
  * [[X] Building Failed](#x-building-failed)
  * [[x] Signing Failed](#x-signing-failed)
    
    </details>
</details>
<br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Java is not Installed or Is Not Accessible!</ins></div>

When you see this error arise, that means you've tried to initiate Building a Standalone Payload or Binding to a legitimate APK, without Java 11 installed.

- Windows 
  - Download and install the latest version of Java 11 Development Kit

- Linux
  - Debian & Ubuntu Based Linux
  <pre><code>sudo apt install openjdk-11-jdk* -y</code></pre>

  - Arch & Manjaro based Linux
  <pre><code>sudo pacman -Sy jdk11-openjdk</code></pre>

- macOS
```
brew install openjdk@11
```
<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Wrong Java Version Installed...</ins></div>

When you see this error arise it means you have tried to initiate Building a Standalone Payload or Binding to a Legitimate APK, with the wrong version of Java installed. 

As pointed out by this error with the yellow information text "`[ยก] AhMyth Depends on Java 11 to Build and Sign Payloads`" so it's quite simple, install Java 11 if you haven't already, and switch to using Java 11 instead of your current Java Version

- Windows 
  - Download and Install Java 11 Development Kit and make sure it's setup correctly, which includes making sure that it's set in your Windows PATH variable.

- Linux
  - Debian & Ubuntu based Linux
  <pre><code>sudo apt install openjdk-11-jdk* -y</code></pre>
  <pre><code>sudo update-java-alternatives -s java-11.x.x.x-openjdk-amd64</code></pre>
   <pre><code>sudo update-alternatives --set java /usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64/jre/bin/java</code></pre>
   <pre><code>sudo update-alternatives --set javac /usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64/bin/javac</code></pre>
   <pre><code>sudo update-alternatives --set javaws /usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64/jre/bin/javaws</code></pre>

  - Arch & Manjaro based Linux
  <pre><code>sudo pacman -Sy archLinux-java</code></pre>
  <pre><code>sudo archlinux-java set java-11-openjdk</code></pre>

- macOS
```
brew install openjdk@11
```
```
/usr/libexec/java_home -v 11.x.x
```

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Reading IP:PORT File Failed!</ins></div>

When this error arises this means that the `e.smali` file in the AhMyth Payload that handles connecting back to the Server based on the allocated IP address and Port, cannot be read, this is always due to running AhMyth without the correct permissions.

- Windows
  - Install AhMyth as Administrator and launch it with Administrator Privileges 

- Linux
  - Root Users
    - When Installing AhMyth from Binary as root, simply switch over to your root account and run through the Binary Setup instructions, it's as simple as that.

   - Non-root Users
     - When installing AhMyth using regular non-root Privileges (i.e non-root account), you need to invoke the use of `sudo` because you'll need to use tools such as `dpkg` or `apt` to install AhMyth from Binary, do not switch to your root account when doing this otherwise if you do EVERYTHING with AhMyth will be owned by root, and you won't be able to access it.

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Adding User IP:PORT Input Failed</ins></div>

When this error arises this means that the `e.smali` file in the AhMyth Payload that handles connecting back to the Server based on the allocated IP address and Port, cannot be modified with the Users IP address and Port input from the Server, this is always due to running AhMyth without the correct permissions, pretty much the same reason for the previous error above.

- Windows
  - Install AhMyth as Administrator and launch it with Administrator Privileges 

- Linux
  - Root Users
    - When Installing AhMyth from Binary as root, simply switch over to your root account and run through the Binary Setup instructions, it's as simple as that.

   - Non-root Users
     - When installing AhMyth using regular non-root Privileges (i.e non-root account), you need to invoke the use of `sudo` because you'll need to use tools such as `dpkg` or `apt` to install AhMyth from Binary, do not switch to your root account when doing this otherwise if you do EVERYTHING with AhMyth will be owned by root, and you won't be able to access it.

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Decompiling Failed</ins></div>

This isn't a problem with AhMyth, it's a problem with [Apktool](https://GitHub.com/iBotPeaches/Apktool) as well as the APK it's being used on. 

Most of the time this happens when you are trying to decompile an APK that is obfuscated or protected, other times the problem is related to Apktool.

The error log file generated by a failed Decompiling Process will determine why Decompiling fails, they are generated in the `AhMyth/Logs` folder, whatever the error with Decompiling is in the log file, just copy it and open an issue ticket about it.

<br></br>

## <div align="center">[x] Unable to Read the Android Manifest File!</div>

This very rare error arises usually due to a permissions problem (i.e when the user doesn't have permission to read the file), to fix this problem you'll do the following:

- Windows
  - When Running AhMyth make sure you're running it with Administrator Permissions

- Linux 
  - Debian & Ubuntu based Linux
    - If the APK you downloaded was downloaded with root privileges, then you'll need root privileges for AhMyth to read the Android Manifest, so simply run AhMyth using your root.
  
  - Arch & Manjaro based Linux
    - If the APK you downloaded was downloaded with root privileges, then you'll need root privileges for AhMyth to read the Android Manifest, so simply run AhMyth using your root.

<br></br>

## <div align="center">[x] Unable to Extract a Suitable Main Class Name from the Manifest for Hook Injection!</ins></div>

Similar to the problem below, however this error happens when AhMyth tries to read the manifest of the original APK in order to find a Smali point to inject its hook, but unfortunately cannot find a Smali point to hook at all from reading the said manifest, therefore it doesn't bother searching for it, so when that happens that means that AhMyth *"Cannot find the launcher activity in the Manifest"* and you should *"Please use the On Boot method*" instead for a workaround.

<br></br>

## <div align="center">[x] Unable to Locate the Main Class Smali File!</ins></div>

This happens because the Main Launcher Activity for the Original APK being bound, has been found by reading the original APK's manifest, but cannot be found anywhere in the "*smali*" directory, nor any of the "*smali_classes*"
directories, indicating that it's a weirdly modified APK.

There's nothing you can do about this other than use *The Boot* method until further research is conducted into APK's like this.

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Unable to Read the Main Class Smali File!</ins></div>

This error arises when using the *On Launch* Binding method, this happens because the Main Launcher Activity is not being converted to readable UTF8 format indicating that the APK is highly obfuscated.

There's nothing you can do about this other than use *The Boot* method until further research is conducted into APK's like this.

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Unable to Hook the Main Class Smali File!</ins></div>

This error is quite a rare one as of AhMyth v1.0-beta.4, however if this error were to arise, it would be when using the *On Launch* Binding method because there is no point in the Launcher Activity with the string `return-void`, which is mostly never the case.

If this error ever does arise, then please open an issue ticket about it immediately, otherwise there's nothing you can do about this other than use *The Boot* method for the time being.

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Building Failed</ins></div>

01. You'll most likely see this error when trying to Bind to another application, the reason this error arises with Binding us because The APK you tried to Backdoor has surpassed the *64k Dalvik Method* resulting in an *Unsigned Short Value Out of Range* error with Apktool, which in return, results in a Building Failed error with AhMyth, there's nothing you can do about this, so you'll need to use another APK as a payload template when Binding.

02. Something went wrong with Modifying the Manifest, or the Hookable Smali Class File, in which case the "Building.log" error log file generated by this error will tell the user what he problem is, if you can't understand the error output in the log file, you can open a B&B Issue Report about it, ONLY IF you are sure the error is not an "*unsigned short value out of range*" error.

<br></br>

## <div align="center"><ins>[x] Signing Failed</ins></div>

This happens because of the following reasons.

1. You're on a *32bit Linux Distro* and you don't have zipalign installed, so install zipalign via the terminal.
- Debian & Ubuntu based Linux 
```
sudo apt install zipalign -y
```
- Arch & Manjaro based Linux
```
sudo pacman -Sy zipalign
```

2. You're on a *64bit Linux Distro* but you didn't read the setup instructions properly and installed zipalign without realising that this is only needed for 32bit Linux Distros, so you simply just need to remove zipalign from your system
- Debian & Ubuntu based Linux 
```
sudo apt-get remove --purge zipalign* -y
```
- Arch & Manjaro based Linux
```
sudo pacman -Rns zipalign
```
