# <div align="center">v1.0-beta.6 Todo List</div>

<details>
  <summary>Completed.</summary>
  <br></br>

- [x] replaced the use of third party external node module `node-homedir` with the built in JavaScript `os` module that affectively allow the use of `os.homedir()`
<br></br>
#

- [x] Added functionality that sets the name of a bound payload that has been successfully built, as the name of the original APK the user chose to bind to.
> This makes things easier to understand for the user.
#
- [x] Migrated AhMyth to Electron 29.2.0.
> The AhMyth Server operates smoothly and beautifully compared to before.
#
- [x] Added a 32bit architecture check to main process in order to let 32bit users know that 32bit support will soon be dropped.
> The 32bit deprecation warning message will be shown along with the splash screen, it will no longer be displayed in the AhMyth GUI console.
#
- [x] Fixed the error message that get's printed when reading and parsing manifest xml data fails during the process of building standalone payloads.
> Instead of the message `[x] There was an error processing the manifest file` for both reading and parsing errors, there will be an error for each one.
> > For Example: Now if reading fails it tells us that reading has specifically failed, and if parsing fails it tells us that parsing specifically failed.
#
- [x] Updated the AhMyth Client & Server to be able to fetch both Inbox and Outbox/Sent SMS's instead of just Inbox SMS's.
> A feature Requested by the OP of [#613](https://github.com/Morsmalleo/AhMyth/issues/163)
#
- [x] Fixed a big in the AhMyth Client & Server that stopped some users from being able to see end directory files, whcih also fixed a problem with large file downloads causing disconnections at the same time.
> solved by [AfaqShahid](https://github.com/Morsmalleo/AhMyth/issues/162#issuecomment-1824699568)
<br></br>
#

- [x] Add Java 21 Support for Building and Decompiling.
> Users will now be able to run any version of Java 8 allthe way through to Java 21 when Building, Decompiling and Signing.
<br></br>
#

- [x] Fixed wrongly printed version string in the `"Wrong Java Version Installed, Detected <java version>` error.
> Prints the full version string instead of just the major version. which is what was causing the problem.
<br></br>
#

- [x] Updated the Binding feature to clean up and remove decompiled application folders when building & signing is successful and if errors are thrown during binding.
> This keeps things clean for the Server user by removing decompiled application folders when building & signing is either successful or unsuccessful, the same thing happens when either one of the binding features finish successfully and if any part of the processes for either one of the Bidning features fail as well.
<br></br>
#
</details>
<br></br>

<details>
  <summary>In Progress.</summary>
  <br>

- [ ] Migrate the deprecated AnguarJS modules `angular` and `angular-route` and their usages to the appropriate modules from `@angular/core`
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Migrate `geoip-lite` to `geoip-lite2`
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Update jQuery v3.1.1 to jQuery 3.7.1
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Update Leaflet 1.0.2+4bbb16c to Leaflet 1.9.4
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Add Storage Access to the Victim's SD Card for API 16 (Android 4.1) through API 22 (Android 5.1)
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Add a new Settings Menu tab to allow users to do the following:
  - Set a Custom Output Directory for built payloads
  - Tunneling Options for Port forwarding solutions
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Add a switch to Change from Light theme to Dark Theme to the new Settings Tab
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Add a "UI STYLES" option to the new settings tab for user GUI style customisations, and add the new CyMyth UI Style — Thank you so much [cobra-c313](https://github.com/cobra-c313) for the UI styles ❤️😁
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Add Client Updates from [HiddenPirates](https://github.com/HiddenPirates) for Standalone Payloads.
> In Progress.
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Build a seperate API 16 to API 22 Compatible bare bones payload with no resources, values (excpet for *String.xml* containing the apps name), etc etc, for Binding to applications, this will payload will only work for Android 4.1 upto Android 5.1.
> In Progress.
>> The SDK modification function I added for Activity based binding a while back, will allow this payload to work on SOME modern devices but not all of them, only because its a dirty workaround, and dirty workarounds while they work sometimes, they present problems other times.
<br></br>

</details>
<br></br>

<details>
  <summary>Soon to be Started.</summary>
  <br>

- [ ] Fix *xml2js* bug with the `modifyManifest` function that happens when modifying certain *AndroidManifest.xml* files.
<br></br>
#

- [ ] Update the *Multiport Listener* to disconnect from specific clients on specific ports, instead of all clients on specific ports.
<br></br>
</details>
<br></br>

<details>
  <summary>Future Work</summary>
  <br>

- [ ] Start work with [Devil7DK](https://github.com/Devil7DK) On the new Web-Based AhMyth Server - Great to be working you with you my friend ☺️
<br></br>
</details>
